Update pre-release-week.md (#87)
meilisearch/integration-guides: guides/pre-release-week.md

## 📌 First Preparations

> 💡 Use [this script](https://github.com/meilisearch/integration-scripts/tree/main/pre-release-script) (only available internally) to automate the following steps. Please read carefully the README of this tool before applying any changes.

The script automates the following tasks:

- In each integration repository, create a draft PR modifying the old version of MeiliSearch into the future release version. The branch name originating this PR should be `bump-meilisearch-v*.*.*`. In most cases, only the `README.md` file changes.

> - In the [cloud-scripts](https://github.com/meilisearch/cloud-scripts) repository, create a branch named `bump-meilisearch-v*.*.*-rc` where the old version of MeiliSearch is changed **into the RC version**. Also, create a tag named `v*.*.*-rc` on this commit and push it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the [cloud-scripts](https://github.com/meilisearch/cloud-scripts) repository, create a branch named `bump-meilisearch-vX.X.X-rc` where the old version of MeiliSearch is changed **into the RC version**. Also, create a tag named `vX.X.X-rc` on this commit and push it.
```

Reviewer: Aren't we using this syntax just for consistency with other repos? :)

## 🧪 Testing

- **Test manually the RC** with a Core team member or on your own. Should be done by all the Integration team members.
- **Run all the SDKs automatic test suites against the RC** thanks to [this script](https://github.com/meilisearch/integration-scripts/tree/main/sdks-tests). If tests are not green, these should be justified.

> - **Test manually the DO image with the RC** on the `bump-meilisearch-v*.*.*-rc` branch by following the [testing process steps](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-digitalocean/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#test-before-releasing) **without merging the branch or submitting the image.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Test manually the DO image with the RC** on the `bump-meilisearch-vX.X.X-rc` branch by following the [testing process steps](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-digitalocean/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#test-before-releasing) **without merging the branch or submitting the image.**
```

## 🥳 After the MeiliSearch official release

> - Remove the `bump-meilisearch-v*.*.*-rc` branch and the `v*.*.*-rc` tag from the [cloud-scripts](https://github.com/meilisearch/cloud-scripts) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove the `bump-meilisearch-vX.X.X-rc` branch and the `vX-X-X-rc` tag from the [cloud-scripts](https://github.com/meilisearch/cloud-scripts) repository.

```bash
# Delete local branch
$ git branch -d bump-meilisearch-vX.X.X-rc

# Delete remote branch
$ git push --delete origin bump-meilisearch-vX.X.X-rc

# Delete tag
$ git push --delete origin v.X.X.X-rc
```

```

Author: I would rather not add these explanations. This makes things complex and all these changes can be done via the GitHub interface.
